It has no time to flow down the nozzle.
We all stood there under the shade, just outside the door of Wal-Mart. We are all waiting, some patiently, some angrily, for nature has disturbed their hurried day. I'm always fascinated by the rain. Lost in the voice and sight of heaven, I washed away the dust of the world. Memories of running carefree and splashing like children flooded in as a popular reprieve, freed me from my day's troubles.
Her voice was so sweet that it broke the hypnotic trance in which we were trapped. "Mom, let's run in the rain." She said.
What? Mother asked.
Let's run in the rain! She repeated it.
No, honey. We have to wait until we slow down a little. Mother answered.
The child waited another minute and repeated, "Mom, let's run in the rain."
If we do that, we'll get soaked. Mother said.
No, we won't, Mom. "That's not what you said this morning," said the little girl, tugging at her mother's arm.
This morning? When did I say we could run in the rain without getting wet?
Don't you remember? When you talked to Dad about his cancer, you said that if God could get us through it, he could get us through it!
The whole crowd stopped quietly. I swear you can hear nothing but rain. We all stood still. No one came or left in the next few minutes. Mother paused for a moment to think about what she would say.
Now some people will laugh at her and scold her for being silly. Some people may even ignore what they say. But this is a definite moment in a child's life. It's time to cultivate innocent trust so that it can grow into faith." Honey, you're right. Let's run in the rain. If it gets wet, maybe we just need to wash it. Mother said. Then they ran away.
We all stood there watching, smiling and laughing, because they were flying past the car. They raised their shopping bags over their heads just in case. They were wet. But they were followed by people who screamed and laughed like children all the way to their cars. Yes, I did. I ran away. I got wet. I need to wash it. Environment or people can take away your material possessions, they can take away your money, they can take away your health. But no one can take away your precious memory. So, don't forget to make time, seize the opportunity and make memories every day!
Everything has a season and a time to achieve every goal in heaven. I hope you still spend some time running in the rain.